Privacy Policy for Sawingz App

Last updated: 5 Jan 2024

Sawingz ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Sawingz mobile application (the "App"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the App.

We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the App. By using the App, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Information Collection and Use
Personal Information
While using our App, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Pancard
Phone number
Name
Log Data
Like many app operators, we collect information that your device sends whenever you visit our App ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device type, operating system version, the time and date of your visit, and other statistics.

Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing, or promotional materials and other information that pertains to the services we offer. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.

Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of [Date] and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.

We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time, and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [email address].

By using the Sawingz App, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our App.
